# This is what currently interact with out users in our skeleton programs
Tom is a patient who came to the hospital for the first time. Now he is ready to sign up in the hospital app. First he saw an option that said choose sign up or login. He chose 1 to sign up in the system. Now he needs to put in his name, gender, contact number, health card number, and password to create a personal profile that is stored in PatientData through LoginSignup to PatientManager to PatientData. Then he will have a choice to make a new appointment or view an already made appointment. Since it is his first time at the hospital, he will need to choose to make a new appointment by pressing 1. After that we will need to put why he will be going into the hospital, and what his scheduled time will be (putting time as yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm
Format for both times). Once Tom finished the appointment, then he would be ready to go into the hospital during his appointment time.
There is a reponse to the user if the user enter wrong things in the process. For example, if the user typed in a wrong user name or password in the login process. Then he would be notified to go sign up instead of logging in. Or if when he is putting in invalid date when he is making anappointment, then he would be notified that his input is invalid.

# This is a general Idea for later phases
Tony(patient for now) has been to this hospital before, so he logs in (using LoginSignup) into the hospital system, and his information should already be in PatientData, including his name, gender, address, phone number, email address, medical insurance, and patient history (if Tony has never been in the hospital before, then he need to enter all these information in patientData using LoginSignup). Before he came into the hospital he made an appointment (now we know he belongs to OutPatient Class). In order to do that Tony used Menu class that showed all the appointment options on screen which used AppointmentMaker to make an appointment. And then the ScheduleManager should modify a doctor or nurses’s schedule based on the time slot he booked the appointment for. Finally, the schedule change should be reflected on the schedule that was used. After Tony has signed in, the hospital will then relate his name to his appointment which includes his appointment time, the doctor/ nurse that he will be with, the room that we will go to, and what his appointment type is. And if he has a regular appointment (which in this case he doesn’t), then he will have the date which he visited last. Now he just needs to follow the Map to go to the assigned room he will be in.

Mike and Amy will be Tony’s doctor and nurse for today. Since they are staff in the hospital, they already have their name, gender, job, and staff id in StaffData. Then Mike and Amy have a similar record in StaffData. They all have a record of which department, where in the building, and what they are working on recorded. In addition to that they have their working hours recorded on schedule. And the appointments they are assigned to can be gotten using ScheduleManager. Then the patient they are helping should be able to be found in PatientData. The only difference for Mike and Amy is that Amy also keeps track with which doctor she is working with. When Amy is working with Mike, the building (Using location and Map)  and department she is working at should be the same as Mike’s. After finishing with Tony they should be going to the blacked where their worker id is assigned to. In this case is a patient called John. 

John is expected to stay in the hospital for a month. He started on November 1st, 2021. And Mike and Amy will be his assigned doctor and Nurse. His assigned room can be found on the Map. He will have his current status and medical report and previous information all stored in PatientData. 
After Tony’s appointment was finished, Harry working as a genitor came to clean the room, finding it on the Map. His information is stored in StaffData. He will have his name, gender, working hour, his job, and his id in the data. He won’t be affected by appointments, since he has a set working hour, thus will be working throughout the whole time without stopping.
